API deprecate penalty='none' for LogisticRegression (#23877)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.2.rst

  to `"highs"` in version 1.4.
  :pr:`23637` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

- |API| String option `"none"` is deprecated for `penalty` argument

>   in :class:`linearmodel.LogisticRegression`, and will be removed in version 1.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in :class:`linear_model.LogisticRegression`, and will be removed in version 1.4.
```

>   :pr:`23877` by :user:`Zhehao Liu <MaxwellLZH>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use `None` instead. :pr:`23877` by :user:`Zhehao Liu <MaxwellLZH>`.
```
